Experience: 3+ year

Location: PAN India

Mandatory Skills: Python, AIML, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, NLP, ElasticSearch or Apache Solr, Tableau

Job Description:

Ability to design and develop machine learning and deep learning systems
Running machine learning tests and experiments.
Implementing appropriate ML algorithms.
Ability to plan, execute, measure results and drive improvement on a continuing basis;
Managing available resources such as hardware, data and personnel so that deadlines are met
Strategic thinking and ability to communicate on every level;
Collaborate with team to brainstorm and share ideas to solve business problems.
Mentor junior and mid-level engineers;
Work collaboratively with team members and others stakeholders to achieve goals;
Passionate about AI and stay up-to-date with the latest development in the field.
Experience:

Hands on experience in consuming NumPy, Pandas and their features.
Effective visualization the text data and make inferences based on that, should also come up with appropriate data cleansing technique. (Hands on NLP libraries and Regex is must).
Using effective text representation techniques to transform natural language into useful feature. (Hands on using pretrained model and creating custom model is must)
Training, evaluating and explaining the models (Able to develop ML and DL model for document classification, document clustering, sentiment analysis etc..)
Hands experience in using NLP libraries or custom model to identify entities and relationship between entities. (Must know Spacy, NLTK, Stanford core NLP and deep learning model)
Experience in establishing semantic relationship and similarity between documents. (Hands on word embedding and tools like Solr , Elastic search)
Working knowledge and implementation of algorithm (like LDA, LSI) to extract keywords from document. (Hands on using Genism, graph based and deep learning model)
Experience in developing model using ANN, RNN, Attention mechanism. Able to explain all the attributes, parameters involved along with pros and cons.
Experience in Computer vision and image data processing.
Hands on in utilizing transfer learning concepts both in NLP and Computer Vision field.
Qualification:

3+ years in ML and related technologies;
Experience with Python is must.
Knowledge of Agile development or other development methodology;
A College or University degree in computer science or the equivalent.
Good to Have:

Experience in using Google cloud platform or Azure ML platform.
Experience in using knowledge graph and advance DL model like BERT and XLNET.
Experience with SQL/NoSQL databases.
Required Soft Skills:

Demonstrate drive, determination, enthusiasm, and an ability to work effectively as a team member;
Exhibit ability to solve problems efficiently;
Should be dedicated, self-disciplined, proactive, follow deadlines and able to work independently;
Should have good analytical, communication and interpersonal skills.